fix/DOC-4300: Add and Edit Badge (#114)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Administration.rst

|image325|

> Fields are the same displayed in the Add Rule popup: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are the same as in the Add Rule popup: 
```

Manage Badges
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Add Badge
----------

> You can add a new Badge just by clicking on **Add Badge** button above the Badgess table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a new Badge just by clicking on **Add Badge** button above the Badges table.
```

A popup will be displayed containing a form to add a new Badge.

|image327|

> Fields are the same displayed in the Add Badge popup: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are the same as in the Add Badge popup: 
```

- Title
- Description
- Score
- Icon

> - Domain (a pulldown to choose easily the Badge domain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Domain (a pulldown to easily choose the Badge domain)
```

- Enabled status (switch button to choose between Yes or No status)

.. note:: Once your badge is successfully added to the Rules base, a success message is displayed : *Badge added successfully*

>           An error message will display if you add a badge with wrong, missing or even similar informations of existing badges: *An error happen when adding a badge*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the added badge has erroneous or missing details or even similar information to an existing badge, an error message is displayed: *An error happens when adding a badge*.
```

Edit Badge
-----------
You can edit a badge just by clicking on the edit icon of the badge you want to update. 

> A popup, Edit Badge, containing all badges informations will display with 2 buttons : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A popup *Edit Badge* containing all badges information will display with 2 buttons : 
```
